Policy Runner (#549)
aranya-project/aranya-core: crates/aranya-policy-runner/README.md

Reviewer: The examples in this README.md show what happens when tests are run in isolation. Would be helpful to cover the case where a test is run on an existing working directory.

# Aranya Policy Runner

The Aranya Policy Runner is a command-line tool that runs sequences of
actions on policy files and prints their effects. It is meant to be a
basic tool for iteratively building a policy while providing quick,
repeatable feedback.

## Usage

```text
policy-runner [OPTIONS] <POLICY> [RUNS]...
```

At its most basic, you must specify a policy document and one or more

> ["run files"](#run-files). The run files specify the actions and command

Reviewer 2: This should be "commands" (plural), no?

Author: Yep. :/

> that are run on the policy. As effects are committed, they are printed

Reviewer 2: Did you mean emitted?

Author: Yep. :/

UserAdded { dev: AY5b9qh2sKpdD55L242RR4CCpVoEDJ6NhUA73dw4x19q }
```

### Run a command on an initialized graph

This and the following two examples require the graph to be initialized
by the prior [Initialize a graph](#initialize-a-graph) section. This
example just creates a simple command that contains a message.

```text
$ policy-runner -w wd examples/policy.md examples/hello.run
Message { msg: "Hello from test runner" }
```

### Set a fact value and retrieve it

These two examples set a Device fact and then retrieve it.

```text
$ policy-runner -w wd examples/policy.md examples/add_raw_device.run
UserAdded { dev: 111thX6LZfHDZZKUs92fh1cxwDCA3ZJ3RGvuRPy5sAQN }
```

```text
$ policy-runner -w wd examples/policy.md examples/get_raw_device.run
DeviceInfo { device_id: 111thX6LZfHDZZKUs92fh1cxwDCA3ZJ3RGvuRPy5sAQN, device_key: b:AA55AA55AA55AA55 }
```

### Fail to retrieve a device

This example tries to retrieve a device with a random ID. Unless you're
exceedingly lucky, this device shouldn't be found and it produces an
error effect.

```text
$ policy-runner -w wd examples/policy.md examples/get_raw_device_not_found.run

> DeviceNotFound { device_id: BRJpYqJh3ZSdCtmB4XkXQvPCwQdANmDaeASvgGtTxk9X }

Reviewer 3: I just get `Error: panic` when I run this.

Reviewer 3: Same for `hello.run` and `get_raw_device.run`

Author: Works for me. Did you run the init command in the first example?

Reviewer 3: doh. That's what I get for not reading.

# Aranya Policy Runner

The Aranya Policy Runner is a simple tool that can run sequences of
actions on policy files. It prints their effects.

## Usage

```
Usage: policy-tester [OPTIONS] <POLICY> [RUNS]...

Arguments:
  <POLICY>   The policy file to load
  [RUNS]...  The run files to load

Options:
  -w, --working-directory <WORKING_DIRECTORY>

>           The working directory for all data stored

Reviewer: Could mention that default is current directory

>   -d, --deterministic-rng <DETERMINISTIC_RNG>

Author: I'm not really sure what I was thinking here. Thinking about it now, I'm not sure there even needs to be a specified seed. Does anyone have strong opinions about making the seed fixed for this option?

          Use a deterministic RNG with the given seed (NOT YET IMPLEMENTED)
      --marker
          Add a marker to the output when execution moves to a new run file
  -q, --quiet

>           Suppress trace output and other diagnostics

Author: > I would probably always output to stdout for the effects and stderr for logging, and just expect the caller to redirect if they want either in a file.

I think that's a reasonable approach (I certainly like the Unix-ness of it). But a `-o` option is quite common.

      --validator
          Run the validator on the policy compilation (NOT YET IMPLEMENTED)
  -h, --help
          Print help
```

## Examples

> A simple policy is included under `examples`, along side several run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A simple policy is included under `examples`, alongside several run
```

files which initialize and manipulate the graph. If you are in the
`aranya-policy-runner` directory, you can replace `policy-runner` with
`cargo run --`.

### Initialize a graph

```

> $ policy-runner -w wd examples/policy.md examples/init

Author: Yeah, I discussed this with @mooreoak and I begrudgingly agree. I'm thinking `.prun`?
